Revision Log
Definition Table
Table of Contents
EMPLOYEE CLAIMS, REIMBURSEMENTS AND ALLOWANCES	11
Office Parking Reimbursement	11.1
CONTRIBUTIONS	13
Employees Provident Fund	13.1
Social Security (SOCSO)	13.2
Employee Insurance Scheme (EIS)	13.3
INDEPENDENCE AND OBJECTIVITY	14
CODE OF CONDUCT AND OTHER POLICIES	15
Employee Discipline	15.1 - 15.3
Appeal Procedure	15.4
Confidentiality	15.5
Publications, Interviews, Lectures, Broadcast or Speeches	15.6
Non-Disclosure Requirements	15.7
Patents	15.8
Intellectual Properties Policy	15.9
IT Policy	15.10
INTRODUCTION GENERAL
This Manual sets out the human resources policies, and terms and conditions of service governing the employees of iMedia Group.
The policies, terms and conditions in this Manual shall apply to all full-time employees of iMedia Group unless otherwise stated.
The Company reserves the right to amend, delete or augment any policy, term or condition or part thereof as and when deemed necessary for any individual employee or group of employees. All changes to the policies, terms and conditions shall be approved by the management of the Company.
The Company shall be responsible for ensuring the update of this Manual and for communicating in writing any policy or procedural changes to the employees of the Company.
The policies, terms and conditions contained herein shall be subject to the provisions of the Employment Act in respective country of employment.
If there is a difference or conflict between a terms and conditions contained herein and that which is stated in the Employment Letter or the provisions
of the Employment Act in respective country of employment, the terms shall take precedence and have effect over those contained herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all other terms and conditions contained herein shall have full force and effect.
DEFINITIONS
The following definitions shall apply in this Manual unless expressly stated otherwise.
‘The Company’ refers to iMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates as per Appendix A.
‘Confirmed employees’ refers to full-time employees who have successfully completed their probationary period (per clause 3.1) and are confirmed in the Company’s services in writing.
‘Spouse’ means an employee’s current legal wife or husband.
‘Children’ means an employee’s legal children who are dependents and below the age of 18 years.
‘Family’ means an employee’s spouse and children as defined above.
‘Per annum’ means each period of 12 months from 1st January to 31st
December of each year.
GCEO refers to the Group Chief Executive Officer of iMedia Group.
GCFO refers to the Group Chief Financial Officer of iMedia Group.
HOB refers to Head of Business.
HOD refers to Head of Division.
All reference to the masculine gender shall include the feminine gender unless otherwise expressly stated.
INTERPRETATION
In the event of any dispute regarding the interpretation of any provisions in this Manual, the decision of the GCEO of the Company shall be final. If the dispute is between the GCEO and the Company, the Chairman’s decision shall be final.
EFFECTIVE DATE
The terms and conditions in this Manual shall come into force with effect from 1 November 2020 unless otherwise stated.
APPOINTMENT EMPLOYMENT LETTER
All appointments shall be made by issuing an employment letter in the Company’s letterhead signed by the Group Chief Executive Officer / HOB authorised by the Company.
PRE-EMPLOYMENT MEDICAL CHECK-UP
Prior to appointment and upon request by the Company, new employee may be required to submit themselves a pre-employment medical check-up inclusive of a chest X-ray by the Company panel doctor, the expense of which will be borne by the Company.
Alternatively, the Company may require the prospective employee to sign a written declaration that the incumbent is free from any serious illnesses. Misrepresentation on the above will constitute a serious act of misconduct.
The validity and effectiveness of the employment letter issued to the employee is subject to the results of the pre-employment medical check-up showing that the employee is medically fit for employment or receipt of the declaration in writing.
PROBATION AND CONFIRMATION
All new employees shall be required to serve a probationary period of three
(3) to six (6) months (subject to management discretion) from the date of commencement of their employment contract, of which their performance may be formally reviewed on monthly basis for confirmation.
The Company may at its discretion extend the probationary period for an additional time frame if the performance of the employee under review is not fully satisfactory. If at the end of this extended period, the performance of the employee is considered unsatisfactory, the employee shall be terminated without assigning any reasons thereto.
If the Company considers it appropriate, an employee’s probation period
may be shortened or waived at its sole discretion.
Employees who have completed the probationary period satisfactorily shall be confirmed in their positions and shall be informed of their confirmation in writing.
Subject to confirmation under clause 3.4 herein, the probationary period and
any extension thereof shall form part of the employee’s length of service.
TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT
EMPLOYEES ON PROBATION
During the probationary period, employment may be terminated at any time by either party giving to the other notice period indicated in the employment letter.
CONFIRMED EMPLOYEES
In the case of confirmed employees, employment may be terminated by either party giving to the other notice period specified in the employment letter.
GENERAL TERMS
At the absolute discretion of the Company, the period of notice to be served by the employee may be waived in whole or in part depending on the merit of the individual case. However, if the termination of employment is initiated by the Company (due to the reasons apart from clause 4.9 and clause 8.8 herein), the employee shall be paid with full wages for the notice period due, although he may not be required to serve the full notice period, if, for example, compromise to the Company’s confidential materials may occur.
Salary in lieu of notice
Monthly Rate of Basic Salary No of Days in that Particular Month
No pay leave
Monthly Rate of Basic Salary No of Days in that Particular Month
Payment of annual leave
Monthly Rate of Basic Salary 26
Any employee based in Singapore, the salary in lieu, no pay leave and payment of annual leave shall be calculated as:
Monthly Rate of Basic Salary
No of Working Days in that Particular Month*
* Excludes rest days, no working days but includes public holidays
The number of days of annual leave accrued and still unused at the time of resignation of an employee may be accepted in part or in whole for setting
off against the period of notice required from the employee at the absolute discretion of the Company.
If an employee is not diligent in the performance of his duties to the satisfaction of the Company or is guilty of any misconduct, willful breach of trust, continued neglect of any of the terms of employment or duties required of or assigned to him from time to time by the Company or is guilty of disclosing confidential matters of the Company or committing a criminal offence, the Company shall be at liberty to terminate the services of the employee forthwith after issuing due warning, without any compensation whatsoever.
RETIREMENT AGE
NORMAL RETIREMENT
The normal retirement age for both male and female employees shall be sixty (60) years of age.
OPTIONAL RETIREMENT
Optional retirement may be granted at the sole discretion of the Company in the event of medical illness on the recommendation of the Company’s panel doctors.
REEMPLOYMENT AFTER RETIREMENT
Reemployment of an employee after his retirement shall be on contract basis and at the sole discretion of the Company, and subject to the employee being certified as medically fit by the Company panel doctor or a Government medical officer. The terms and conditions of such reemployment shall be determined based on the merits and circumstances of each case.
CALCULATION OF RETIREMENT AGE
If no birth certificate is available, the date of birth on the employee’s identity card will be used in the determination of the retirement age. In the event that the identity card does not disclose the day and month, then the date of birth of the employee shall be deemed to be the 31st December of that year.
WORKING DAYS AND HOURS
The Company allows the employees to practice flexible hours subject to clearance from their HOB and/or HOD.
The Company’s working days and hours are as follows:
Mondays - Fridays :	 9 am – 6.pm OR 10am -7pm Lunch Break	:	1 hour
Notwithstanding the above, the Company may vary the prescribed working days and hours of work at its sole discretion depending on operational requirements.
Employees are to clear with their HOB and/or HOD if they come in later than 10am or do not fulfill the minimum hours (9 hours including 1 hour for lunch)
Failure to abide to the official working hour may subject to disciplinary action.
REST DAYS AND PUBLIC HOLIDAYS
REST DAYS
Saturdays and Sundays shall be deemed to be rest-days unless otherwise specified by the Company.
PUBLIC HOLIDAYS
All employees shall be entitled to paid leave on all gazetted public holidays in the country of employment.
If any of the gazetted public holidays fall on a Sunday, then the following day shall be a paid replacement holiday.
The Company shall have the right to recall any employee to report for duty on public holidays should the need arise.
LEAVE
ANNUAL LEAVE
Unless otherwise stated in the employment letter, all employees shall be eligible for annual leave.
Annual leave entitlement shall be calculated on a calendar year basis and eligibility for annual leave shall be as per staff grades guideline issued by the Company unless otherwise stated in employment contract.
Any employee who has not completed a full year of service as at 31st December will be granted pro-rated annual leave to be calculated as follows:
Number of calendar days service in the year x annual leave entitlement
365
Adequate notice of intention to take annual leave must be given by the employee. Annual leave application should be submitted at least seven (7) working days before commencement of annual leave except in the case of an emergency, in which case the reasons for taking emergency leave must be clearly stated on the leave application form / system with documentation proof. Failure to provide documentation proof will subject to deduction of pay equivalent to the time frame of the leave taken.
Annual leave application shall be approved by the immediate supervisor of the applicant, or in his or her absence, the respective HOB or GCEO. Granting of half day annual leave is at the discretion of the immediate supervisor of the applicant, or in his or her absence, the respective HOB or GCEO.
The Company shall consider an employee’s application for annual leave in the light of the Company’s interest and reserves the right to arrange or re- arrange leave programs for its employees in accordance with operational needs.
An employee who resigns from the Company will be entitled to annual leave calculated on a pro-rata basis which may be utilised in lieu of notice (per clause 4.5) or paid to the employee together with his termination monies, subject to the Company’s approval. If the employee has already utilised more than the proportionate amount of annual leave due at resignation time, the Company shall deduct the difference owed to the Company from the termination monies due to the employees.
In the case of an employee whose employment is terminated by the Company and has at the date of his leaving the service of the Company, a balance of annual leave to which he is entitled to and which he has not utilised, the Company shall pay him the equivalent salary in lieu of annual leave, unless termination arises from instant dismissal due to gross misconduct.
Advance leave from the following year will not be allowed under any circumstances.
ANNUAL LEAVE DURING REST DAYS AND PUBLIC HOLIDAYS
Annual leave granted shall be in addition to rest days and gazetted public holidays.
If a gazetted public holiday falls during the period when the employee is on annual leave, an additional day’s leave will be granted for each gazetted public holiday falling during his annual leave. This additional day’s leave shall not be automatically utilised to extend the approved leave period without the Company’s prior approval.
ACCUMULATION OF ANNUAL LEAVE
Employees will be allowed to carry forward a maximum of five (5) days leave eligibility to the first quarter (i.e. 31 March) of the following calendar year. If leave is not taken by the end of this specified period, the entitlement will be forfeited without compensation unless prior approval had been granted by the HOB or GCEO to carry forward an agreed numbers of leave to another specified period.
MEDICAL LEAVE
Paid medical leave shall only be granted if the employee is certified to be unfit to work by the Company panel doctor, Government hospital or a registered medical practitioner. In the absence of appropriate certification, the number of days absent shall be deducted from the employee’s annual leave entitlement and in the event that all annual leave has been fully utilized, it shall be treated as no pay leave.
All employees shall be entitled to paid medical leave according to length of service in compliance with local employment act.
Hospitalization Not Required:
All employees are entitled to minimum fourteen (14) days paid medical leave days stated in employment contract.
Hospitalisation Required:
Maximum of sixty (60) working days in the aggregate in each calendar year exclusive of non-hospitalization sick leave regardless of length of service.
In the case of hospitalization exceeding the sixty (60) days stated in paragraph 8.14 above, further medical leave shall be treated as unpaid leave only.
An employee who absents him/herself from work on medical leave should endeavor to inform the Company verbally of his/her absence to the
immediate superior, as soon as possible, preferably within twenty-four (24) hours. Failure to inform the Company may result in disciplinary action.
PROLONGED MEDICAL ILLNESS
On the recommendation of the Company’s panel of doctors, any confirmed employee found to be suffering from tuberculosis, cancer, leukaemia or other serious disease may be granted medical leave as follows:
three (3) months leave on full pay followed by
three (3) months leave on half pay followed by
six (6) months no pay leave
This leave shall be granted in addition to the employee’s entitlement for
medical leave without hospitalization.
MATERNITY LEAVE
Female employees shall be granted paid maternity leave of ninety ight (98) days.
Paid maternity leave shall only be granted to a female employee for the birth of up to a maximum of five (5) surviving children. Any subsequent maternity leave application made shall be considered only on an unpaid leave basis.
Maternity leave shall not commence earlier than one (1) month prior to the expected date of delivery or later than one day subsequent to the birth of the child.
Any leave granted by a registered medical practitioner subsequent or prior to the maternity leave shall be treated as sick leave.
Application for maternity leave shall normally be made not less than one
(1) month prior to the date of which it is desired that maternity leave shall commence.
COMPASSIONATE LEAVE
In addition to annual leave, an employee may be granted paid compassionate leave, subject to a maximum of seven (7) working days in any calendar year, non-cumulative, as follows:
Up to three (3) continuous working days per occasion for death of spouse, children, parents, parents-in-law, brothers or sisters.
Up to one (1) working day per occasion for death of grandparents from either paternal or maternal side.
Up to three (3) continuous working days for natural disaster directly affecting the employee or his property. Documentary evidence may be required by the Company before approving compassionate leave. If circumstances do not allow the employee time to apply for compassionate leave under normal procedures, the employee shall
endeavor to inform his immediate superior in person or by telephone at the earliest opportunity.
The Company may in any case at its sole discretion upon application by an employee, grant paid compassionate leave to the employee.
Where compassionate leave application is not approved, the leave shall be deducted from the employee’s annual leave entitlement, or, where the employee’s annual leave entitlement is completely utilised, the leave shall be treated as no pay leave.
MARRIAGE LEAVE
The Company shall grant three (3) consecutive working days as marriage leave to an employee on the occasion of his first legal marriage.
PATERNITY LEAVE
The Company shall grant seven (7) working days as paternity leave to an employee on the occasion of the birth of his legal child for up to a maximum of five (5) children.
NO PAY LEAVE
Employees are not encouraged to apply for no pay leave and only in extenuating circumstances shall no pay leave be granted with the prior approval of the GCEO providing all available paid leave has been utilised and for the purpose of attending to personal matters including maternity leave after the fifth surviving child.
ABSENCE WITHOUT LEAVE
The Company views seriously employees who are absent without prior approval. Employees will be liable for immediate disciplinary action if they are absent without prior approval and have not informed or attempted to inform the Company of their absence within forty-eight (48) hours.
The Company shall deduct the number of days the employees absents himself from work on a working day without prior consent from the Company or without reasonable excuse, from his annual leave accrued, or if there is no annual leave accrued, the Company shall reserve the absolute right to have the employee’s pay deducted by his ordinary rate of pay for each day of absence.
BASIC SALARY, INCREMENTS AND PROMOTIONS
BASIC SALARY
All employees shall be paid a monthly salary in accordance with the salary offered to them by the Company between the 27th to end of each month. Employees are expected to keep their salaries confidential.
SALARY INCREMENTS
Salary increments are not entitlements nor are they automatic. In considering increments, the Company shall take into account the performance and conduct of a permanent employee and the performance of the Company at annual salary review in June/December.
No employee shall be eligible for an increment until he is confirmed in his employment.
PROMOTIONS
Promotions shall be awarded at the absolute discretion of the Company and shall depend upon:
the performance and ability of the employee
the vacancy available for the new higher position
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE BONUS
The Company may, subject to the continued profitability and viability of the Company and the performance of the individual employee, award a non- contractual annual bonus.
Only full-time employees who are confirmed in service before the annual bonus declaration date (bonus period) shall be eligible to receive such payments.
Employees whose employment is confirmed before the bonus period shall be paid such bonus, if any, on a pro-rata basis, calculated proportionately on the number of calendar days they served as confirmed employee over the year under review.
An employee is not eligible for bonus payment if his/her service is terminated on the grounds of any form of misconduct or other conduct inconsistent with the fulfillment of the expressed or implied conditions of his employment and who resigns without giving adequate notice of resignation, unless such notice has been formally waived by the Company.
EMPLOYEE CLAIMS, REIMBURSEMENTS AND ALLOWANCES
OFFICE PARKING REIMBURSEMENT
Unless otherwise stated in the employment contract, the Company will provide a monthly parking reimbursement of up to RM200.00 for employees for parking within the vicinity of the Company’s place of operation. The
monthly parking reimbursement will be paid subject to the presentation of relevant parking receipts.
OTHER EXPENSE CLAIMS
Employees who are required to travel overseas or outstation on official Company business will be reimbursed for expenses as per guidelines set out in travel policy. Refer to iMedia’s Travel Policy.
The company may, at its discretion, grant special approval for other expense claims based on specific circumstances. These ad-hoc expenses, not covered elsewhere in the policy, require prior approval from the HOB and/or GCEO and are allowable only with documented approval. All such claims must be submitted with appropriate supporting documents for review and record by the Human Resource Division.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE
The company will use the actual conversion rates incurred by the employee in reimbursing the employee so that the employee will not incur any loss or profit from currency conversions. All receipts for currency purchases must be attached to the expenses reimbursement form. If receipts are not available, the current exchange rate at the time of receipt of the Expenses Report by the Human Resource Division will be used.
All approved expenses claim must be submitted by 10th of each month (or any specific date announced by HR Division) to the HR Division. Any claim that is two (2) months old will not be reimbursed.
MEDICAL BENEFITS
ELIGIBILITY
All employees are eligible for the medical benefits.
OUTPATIENT MEDICAL BENEFITS (EXCLUDING HOSPITALIZATION)
All employees are provided with medical consultation, treatment and prescribed medicines from the Company’s panel doctor of up to a maximum of RM240 per quarter.
MEDICAL EXCLUSIONS
The Company will not bear the costs of the following :
Medical check-ups not specifically required by the Company;
Any expenses incurred in respect of illness, injury or disablement self- inflicted or otherwise, arising from any proven fault, including attempted suicide, participation in or attending any hazardous sport, pursuit or past time, the performance of any unlawful act, exposure to any unjustifiable hazards (except when endeavoring to save or protect his property or
the property of the Company, or to save human life), provoked assault, the use of drugs not prescribed by a registered medical practitioner, any illness or disease caused by misconduct or any breach of peace or disorderly conduct.
Artificial  devices,  spectacles,  contact  lenses,  optical  treatment,
optician’s charges.
Psychiatric care.
Any expense in respect of pregnancy, confinement, or abortion including all pre-natal/post-natal check-ups and consultation.
Plastic surgery, treatment or consultation for beautification purposes.
All preventive medicines such as vaccinations and vitamins.
Treatment of Sexually Transmitted Diseases.
Any expense in respect of dental and Chinese Physician consultation and treatment.
SPECIALIST TREATMENT
Reimbursement for specialist treatment are by case submission, PROVIDED that written referral from the Company’s panel doctor and approval of the Company is obtained prior to receiving the specialist treatment.
HOSPITALISATION BENEFITS (EMPLOYEES ONLY)
The Company shall cover all employees under a Hospitalization Insurance Policy which is maintained by the Company for the benefits of its employees. Details of the Hospital Insurance Policy and schedule of benefits are available upon request.
At the absolute discretion of the Company and based on the circumstances of individual cases, the Company may bear the entire or part of the excess hospitalization charges of fees not covered by the Hospitalization Insurance Policy.
Employees must follow the following procedures when claiming hospitalization expenses:
Obtain appropriate hospitalization or surgical treatment for self.
Settle the hospital bill and obtain official receipt.
The employee must request that the hospital or attending medical practitioner complete and sign the insurance claim form available from the Company.
Submit the hospital receipt and completed insurance claim form to the Company for approval and processing.
The Company will take up the claim with the insurance company and forward the money received from the insurance company to the employee.
CONTRIBUTIONS
EMPLOYEES PROVIDENT FUND
Both the Employee and the Company shall make contributions to the Employees Provident Fund at the prevailing statutory rates as follows and shall comply with the requirements of the Employees Provident Fund Act, 1951.
SOCIAL SECURITY (SOCSO)
Eligible employees as stipulated by the Employee Social Security Act, 1969 (Act 4) shall be covered by the SOCSO Insurance Scheme which provides compensation to employees covered by the Scheme in case of employment injury (including occupational disease), invalidity or death arising thereof. Contributions to SOCSO shall be made in accordance with the requirements of the Act.
EMPLOYEE INSURANCE SCHEME (EIS)
Eligible employees shall be covered by EIS which is a financial scheme aimed at helping employees who lost their jobs until they find new employment. The contributions are being collected in a fund in order to provide financial assistance to retrenched employees. It also aims to provide extended welfare coverage and aid in job search via career counselling and job-hunting assistance.
INDEPENDENCE AND OBJECTIVITY
The Company expects employees to conduct his/her business and private affairs in such a manner that no allegations could be made that the Company’s business has been impaired or that information obtained in professional confidence has been turned to private advantage. As such, employees are required to promptly disclose the above arrangement, if any, prior employment with the Company or when an incident occurs during the course of employee’s employment.
CODE OF CONDUCT AND OTHER POLICIES EMPLOYEE DISCIPLINE
The Company must ensure that reasonable standards of work and conduct are maintained at all times. Hence, the Company reserves the right to take disciplinary action, after due enquiry, against employees who misconduct themselves on the following grounds:
absence without leave or reasonable cause including failure to report for work for more than two (2) consecutive days without documentary proof of illness or written approval of annual of other leave
failure to duly perform and discharge duties efficiently
indiscipline
dishonesty
providing false information, which in the opinion of the Company is of a material nature, in his application for employment
theft
misuse of Company’s property
negligence or carelessness
serious pecuniary embarrassment
an act of insubordination
abuse of position or office
criminal conviction
drug abuse and dependency
default against any of the Company’s terms and conditions of service
borrowing from agents or others connected with the Company and becoming indebted to any amount exceeding three (3) months basic salary
work place bullying among peers
sexual harrassment
any other act or neglect considered serious
The Company, however, is equally concerned to ensure fair treatment to employees charged with misconduct and will not take disciplinary action without giving the employee the opportunity to be heard and conducting a proper investigation, and in serious cases, an official enquiry, to establish the facts.
Following an investigation and taking into account the seriousness of the case and any mitigating circumstances, the Company may impose any one
or a combination of the following disciplinary measures against the employee in the event of misconduct:
verbal warning
first written warning
second written warning
final written warning
formal action, which will include but is not limited to the following :
suspension without pay for a period not exceeding one (1) week
dismissal with contractual notice
instant dismissal
deferment of increment for a period to determined by the Company
withholding or reduction of bonus, if such bonus is declared
demotion
APPEAL PROCEDURE
An employee who is aggrieved by the decision in a disciplinary action has the right to appeal to have the decision reviewed within 30 days from the date of the posting or handing of the written disciplinary decision.
CONFIDENTIALITY
The employee shall not (except in the proper course of his duties, either during or after his/her employment with the Company), divulge or utilize any confidential information concerning the affairs or finances of the Company,
which may have come to his/her knowledge during his/her employment with the Company. He/She shall also both during and after his/her employment with the Company, take all reasonable precautions to keep all such information secret.
PUBLICATIONS, INTERVIEWS, LECTURES, BROADCAST OR SPEECHES
An employee shall not:
Publish or cause to be published any articles, books, photographs or letters.
Give and interview or broadcast or deliver any lecture or speech: on any matter which concerns his duties or business of the company or any matter connected with the company having obtained the prior written consent of the company.
NON-DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
Employees shall at all times refrain from discussing and revealing (verbal, written, or other physical form) any and all confidential information designated as proprietary: technical, business, marketing, policy, know- how, planning, project-management, and other information, data and/or solutions, in written, oral, digital, magnetic, photographic and/or other forms.
Employees will be required to sign Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDA) when deemed necessary by the company.
Employees will regard all day-to-day activities as proprietary and thus adhere to the conditions as set above. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in legal action/or termination of employment.
PATENTS
Any invention, discovery, improvement or design made by an employee relating to products of a type, made, supplied, designed or in development by the company or otherwise suitable for the business of the company must be promptly disclosed to a supervisor/manager.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES
All inventions that are or were developed using equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secrets of the Company, (b) result or resulted from work performed by the employee for the Company or (c) relate or are related to the business or the actual anticipated research or development of the Company, will be the sole and exclusive property of the company and all rights in such inventions are assigned to the Company.
Refer to iMedia’s Intellectual Property Policy.
IT POLICY
Refer to iMedia’s IT Policy.
Appendix A
iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd
Oh Media Sdn Bhd
Ittify Sdn Bhd
Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)
Nara Media Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)
Moretify Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)
TR Media Sdn Bhd (effective 1 March 2024)