
Revision LogRevision NoAmended ByAmended DateVersion No1.0Jacky Tee (GCFO)1 February 2021Version 2.0
Definition TableAbbreviationDescription of TermsiMediaiMedia Asia Sdn BhdiMedia Group / GroupiMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates, collectively as per Appendix AHOBHead of Business of iMedia Group, where relevantHODHead of Division, where relevantHR DivisionHuman Resource DivisionGCEOGroup Chief Executive Officer of iMedia GroupGCFOGroup Chief Financial Officer of iMedia Group
Table of ContentsINTRODUCTION1General1.1 - 1.4Interpretation1.5Effective Date1.6OBJECTIVES2GUIDELINES3FLOWCHART4APPENDIX5
1. INTRODUCTION GENERAL1.1. This Manual sets out the Recruitment policies, terms and conditions governing the employees of iMedia Group.1.2. The policies, terms and conditions in this Manual shall apply to all full-time employees of iMedia Group unless otherwise stated.1.3. The Company reserves the right to amend, delete or augment any policy, term or condition or part thereof as and when deemed necessary for any individual employee or group of employees. All changes to the policies, terms and conditions shall be approved by the management of the Company.1.4. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring the update of this Manual and for communicating in writing any policy or procedural changes to the employees of the Company.INTERPRETATION1.5. In the event of any dispute regarding the interpretation of any provisions in this Manual, the decision of the GCEO of the Company shall be final. If the dispute is between the GCEO and the Company, the ChairmanŐs decision shall be final.
EFFECTIVE DATE1.6. The terms and conditions in this Manual shall come into force with effect from 1 November 2020 unless otherwise stated.2. OBJECTIVES2.1. To support and maintain the CompanyŐs ability to acquire, retain and develop the best talent and skills.2.2. To implement proper recruitment policies and procedures in a timely and systematic manner.2.3. To ensure that the selection and recruitment of employees is treated equally with dignity and respect.2.4. Selection of candidates should be done based on the criteria that suit the CompanyŐs needs.3. GUIDELINES3.1. STAFF REQUISITION3.1.1. HR Division to evaluate the current workforce to determine the staffing requirements.
3.1.2. HOD to complete a Staff Requisition Form (Appendix 1) with all necessary information and attached a new or updated Job Description to reflect the duties and responsibilities of the vacancy.3.1.3. Both Staff Requisition Form and Job Description shall be approved by HOB / GCEO before submitting it to HR Division.3.1.4. HR Division will then proceed with recruitment process upon receipt of the approved Staff Requisition Form and Job Description.3.2. SOURCING CANDIDATES3.2.1. Based on the information stated in the approved Staff Requisition Form, HR Division initiate search for potential candidates through the different recruitment methods.3.2.2. HR Division will forward all applications to HOD to be shortlisted.3.3. INTERVIEW3.3.1. HR Division or anyone authorized by HOB / GCEO (Interviewer) shall conduct interview with shortlisted candidates.3.3.2. All candidates are required to complete the Employment Application Form (Appendix 2) before the interview session starts.
3.3.3. All interviewers are required to complete the Interview Evaluation Form Đ Part I (Appendix 3) for each and every candidate interviewed, stating appropriate comments and/or recommendations.3.4. SHORTLIST CANDIDATE3.4.1. Based on Interview Evaluation Form, interviewers are required to recommend the best suited candidate for the vacancy for the approval of HOB / GCEO.3.4.2. Interviewers are required to complete the Interview Evaluation Form Đ Part II (Appendix 3) stating all proposed terms of employment of the shortlisted candidate.3.5. REFERENCE CHECK3.5.1. Interviewers are advised to conduct a reference check on the successful candidate and complete the Interview Evaluation Form Đ PART III, stating the results of reference check before seeking the approval from HOB / GCEO.3.5.2. Duly completed Employment Application Form and Interview Evaluation Form will be submitted to HR Division for further process.3.6. EMPLOYMENT LETTER3.6.1. HR Division will prepare 2 sets of Employment Letter to be signed by HOB / GCEO stating the details of the employment, such as designation, basic salary, fixed
allowance, etc. and Pre-Employment Medical Check-Up Letter (if required) for successful candidate may also be prepared to be signed by HOB / GCEO.3.7. PRE-EMPLOYMENT CHECK UP3.7.1. The Pre-Employment Medical Check-Up requirement is subject to HOB / GCEO discretion on case to case basis.3.7.2. Upon acceptance of employment, successful candidate may be required to attend a Pre-Employment Medical Check-Up at the clinic appointed by the Company.3.7.3. With a satisfactory medical report of the successful candidate, HR Division will confirm the candidateŐs date of reporting for work, informing the HR Division and all relevant Department(s) to make necessary arrangement for the successful candidate.3.8. UNSUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES3.8.1. HR Division is encouraged to send notification email to unsuccessful candidates who attended the interview.4. FLOWCHART4.1. As per attached.
5. APPENDIX5.1. Appendix 1 : Staff Requisition Form5.2. Appendix 2 : Employment Application Form5.3. Appendix 3 : Interview Evaluation Form
Recruitment Sub Processes
Note :	Summary of Forms Requireda) Staff Requisition Formb) Employment Application Formc) Interview Evaluation Form
Recruitment

Appendix A1. iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd2. Oh Media Sdn Bhd3. Ittify Sdn Bhd4. Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)5. Nara Media Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)6. Moretify Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)