
Revision LogRevision NoAmended ByAmended DateVersion No1.0Jacky Tee (GCFO)1 February 2021Version 2.0
Definition TableAbbreviationDescription of TermsiMediaiMedia Asia Sdn BhdiMedia Group / GroupiMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates, collectively as per Appendix AHOBHead of Business of iMedia Group, where relevantHODHead of Division, where relevantHR DivisionHuman Resource DivisionGCEOGroup Chief Executive Officer of iMedia GroupGCFOGroup Chief Financial Officer of iMedia Group
Table of ContentsINTRODUCTION1General1.1 - 1.4Interpretation1.5Effective Date1.6OBJECTIVES2GUIDELINES3FLOWCHART4APPENDIX5
1. INTRODUCTION GENERAL1.1. This Manual sets out the Performance Management policies, terms and conditions governing the employees of iMedia Group.1.2. The policies, terms and conditions in this Manual shall apply to all full-time employees of iMedia Group unless otherwise stated.1.3. The Company reserves the right to amend, delete or augment any policy, term or condition or part thereof as and when deemed necessary for any individual employee or group of employees. All changes to the policies, terms and conditions shall be approved by the management of the Company.1.4. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring the update of this Manual and for communicating in writing any policy or procedural changes to the employees of the Company.INTERPRETATION1.5. In the event of any dispute regarding the interpretation of any provisions in this Manual, the decision of the GCEO of the Company shall be final. If the dispute is between the GCEO and the Company, the ChairmanŐs decision shall be final.
EFFECTIVE DATE1.6. The terms and conditions in this Manual shall come into force with effect from 1 November 2020 unless otherwise stated.2. OBJECTIVES2.1. To evaluate the overall performance of the employees to achieve the following:* To determine if the employee is performing.* To identify the strengths and weaknesses of the employees in order to identify the training and development needs for continuous improvement of the employees* To provide basis for administrative decisions, such as salary adjustment, bonus, prospects for promotion, etc. (where applicable).2.2. To create opportunity for a two-way communication between superior and employees.2.3. To clarify mission, goals, responsibilities, priorities and expectations of the company and employees.3. GUIDELINES3.1. All employees shall be evaluated at least twice in a year, preferable in the month of June and December (Ňappraisal monthÓ).
3.2. Performance of the employees shall be measured objectively, accurately and fairly in order to provide the basis for administrative decisions, such as salary adjustment, bonus, prospects for promotion, etc. (where applicable).3.3. SELF EVALUATION BY EMPLOYEE3.3.1. Employees are required to complete the Performance Appraisal Form Đ Part I(a), Part I(b) and Part II(a) (Employees Section), before the appraisal month.3.3.2. Employees are required to set a time and date with immediate superior (Appraiser)/ HOB / HOD for discussion/evaluation (dialogue).3.3.3. Completed form should be submitted to Human Resource Division (HR Division) at least 2 weeks before the dialogue date.3.4. EVALUATION BY HR DIVISION3.4.1. HR Division to complete the Performance Appraisal Form Đ Part III (HR Section), by checking the employeeŐs attendance, disciplinary issues, last promotion / salary adjustment / re-designation, warning letter(s) issued, etc. (where applicable).3.4.2. Upon completing the form, HR Division will then pass the completed Employee Section and HR Section of the Performance Appraisal Form to Appraiser at least 3 working days before the Appraiser conduct the dialogue with employee.
3.5. DIALOGUE3.5.1. This is a two-way communication between appraiser and employee, to discuss employeeŐs performance, expectation, strengths and weaknesses.3.5.2. Appraiser should recognize the improved performance of employee since last evaluation and highlight the areas of deficiency to the employee.3.5.3. Employee should acknowledge the areas of deficiency highlighted by appraiser and take positive remedial action in improving his / her weaknesses.3.6. EVALUATION BY APPRAISER3.6.1. After the discussion, appraiser will complete Performance Appraisal Form Đ Part I(a), Part I(b) and Part II(b) by stating his / her expectation and comments on the employee and obtain the agreement of the employee.3.6.2. Employee to sign acknowledge on appraiserŐs expectation and comments at Performance Appraisal Form Đ Part II. Appraiser will then sign at Performance Appraisal Form Đ Part II also.3.6.3. Appraiser will then recommend for salary adjustment, bonus, prospects for promotion, etc. (where applicable).
3.7. MANAGEMENTŐS APPROVAL3.7.1. HOB / GCEO for further consideration and discussion on appraiserŐs recommendation for salary adjustment, bonus, prospects for promotion, etc. (where applicable).3.7.2. The GCEO decision shall be final on the recommended salary adjustment, bonus, prospects for promotion, etc. (where applicable).3.8. LETTER3.8.1. HR Division to prepare the letter in accordance to the decision of management on the performance appraisal for employeeŐs acceptance.4. FLOWCHART4.1. As per attached.5. APPENDIX5.1. Appendix 1 : Performance Evaluation Form
Performance ManagementSub ProcessesNote :	Summary of Forms Requireda)  Performance Appraisal Form
Performance Management
Appendix A1. iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd2. Oh Media Sdn Bhd3. Ittify Sdn Bhd4. Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)5. Nara Media Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)6. Moretify Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)