
Revision LogRevision NoAmended ByAmended DateVersion No
Definition TableAbbreviationDescription of TermsiMediaiMedia Asia Sdn BhdiMedia Group / GroupiMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates, collectively as per Appendix AHOBHead of Business of iMedia Group, where relevantHODHead of Division, where relevantHR DivisionHuman Resource DivisionHR ManagerManager of the Human Resource DivisionGroup CEOGroup Chief Executive Officer
Table of Content1.0 OBJECTIVE	52.0 POLICIES	53.0 PROCEDURES	5-104.0 PROCESS FLOW CHART	10-125.0 APPENDICES	10
1. OBJECTIVE1.1 To establish and maintain proper procedures in implementing employee separation process.2. POLICIES2.1 All employee separation process must be properly implemented in order to avoid unfair labour practice and legal suits against the company.3. PROCEDURES3.1 RESIGNATION3.1.1 Staff may give written notice of his/her intention to terminate the employment letter or contract of service according to terms stipulated in the employment letter or contract of service or Human Resource Manual (if any) or Employee Handbook (if any).3.1.2 In case of short notice, HR Division will notify the employee on the amount of payment to be made in lieu of notice.3.1.3 The resignation letter will be submitted by the employee to his/her immediate superior or HOD, a copy of which is sent to HR Division.3.1.4 The immediate superior or HOD will recommend acceptance of resignation.3.1.5 After having discussed the same with the HOD, HR Division will then approve and issue a letter of acceptance of resignation, which will set out, inter alia, the last working date and any monies due to or from the Company. HR Division will conduct an exit interview. The employee may,
subject to the sole discretion of HOD or HOB, to complete the Employee Exit Form (Appendix 1). A copy of the Employee Exit Form will be extended to the relevant HOD.3.1.6 Before leaving the company, the employee is required to return all company properties in his possession.3.2 DISMISSAL3.2.1 The company reserves the right to take disciplinary action after due enquiry against employees who misconduct themselves on the following grounds:(i) Absence without leave or reasonable cause including failure to report for work for more than two (2) consecutive days without documentary proof of illness or written approval of annual of other leave; or(ii) Failure to duly perform and discharge duties efficiently; or(iii) Indiscipline; or(iv) Dishonesty; or(v) Provide false information, which in the opinion of the Company is of a material nature, in his application for employment; or(vi) Theft; or(vii) Misuse of CompanyŐs property; or(viii) Negligence or carelessness; or(ix) Serious pecuniary embarrassment; or(x) An act of insubordination; or(xi) Abuse of position or office; or(xii) Criminal conviction; or(xiii) Drug abuse and dependency; or
(xiv) Default against any of the CompanyŐs terms and conditions of service; or(xv) Borrow from agents or others connected with the Company and becoming indebted to any amount exceeding three (3) months basic salary; or(xvi) work place bullying among peers; or(xvii) sexual harassment; or(xviii) Any other act or neglect considered serious.3.2.2 The company may terminate the services of an employee due to the misconduct themselves mentioned in clause 3.2.1 after due inquiry has been made according to the Discipline Policies & Procedures.3.2.3 The company may terminate the services of an employee, if:(a) Due to poor performance provided that:(i) The company has a strong case and HR Division can prove that progressive action has been taken to deal with the employeeŐs inefficiency.(ii) The company has given ample opportunity for improvement to the employee by providing necessary guidance.(b) On probation if he is found not suitable for the position, the HR Division must ensure that all the following have been done:     (i) Incidents	of	poor	performance	or	misconduct	should	be documented.     (ii) All	incidents	where	warnings	were	meted	out	should	be documented.(iii) All counseling should be documented.(iv) All training provided should be documented.
3.3 RETRENCHMENT3.3.1 The company may retrench the employee on the ground of:(i) redundancy due to closure of business.(ii) redundancy due to sale of company.(iii) redundancy due to downsizing or restructuring of the company.3.3.2 Retrenchment may also be on a voluntary basis, whereby a voluntary separation scheme is offered to all employees that related to clause 3.3.1(i) to (iii).3.3.3 When selecting employees for retrenchment, the industrial law principle of Last In, First Out (LIFO) must be followed (Refer to http://jtksm.mohr.gov.my/images/pdf/pemberhentian_pekerja/pemberhentia n_pekerja.pdf).3.3.4 Due notice of impending retrenchment must be given to staff and the Labour Department.3.3.5 The retrenchment benefits payable will be as stated in the employment letter or contract of service or Human Resource Manual (if any) or Employee Handbook (if any) as determined by the Company.3.4 MEDICAL BOARD OUT3.4.1 If the employeeŐs health renders him physically or mentally incapable of performing his duties and if such illness or incapacity is not temporary in nature, the employee may be boarded out on medical grounds.3.4.2 Such conditions have to be certified by the companyŐs appointed panel of doctors.3.4.3 The HR Division will follow-up on the employeeŐs SOCSO claim, where applicable.
3.5 RETIREMENT3.5.1 There are basically two categories of retirement:(i) Normal retirement for both male and female employees shall be at the age of 60 (subject to further amendment by the Company, if any). For normal retirement, the company shall give written notice of retirement to the staff six (6) months prior to reaching the retirement date.(ii) Early retirement whereby staff may request for early retirement, subject to approval of the Company at its absolute discretion.3.5.2 Optional retirement may be granted at the sole discretion of the company in the event of medical illness on the recommendation of the company panel doctor.3.6 DEATH3.6.1 In case of death of an employee, HR Division shall contact the spouse, children or the closest family.3.6.2 HR Division shall assist in the process of insurance, SOCSO or other claims for which the employeeŐs family members or beneficiaries are eligible and qualify for.3.7 GENERAL ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES OF EMPLOYEES SEPARATION3.7.1 The letter of resignation from the employee, after being received by his or her immediate superior or HOB must be given to the HR Division immediately. Under no circumstances should the letter be withheld by any party for any reason without first being referred to the HR Division. The HR Division will issue the letter of acceptance of resignation to the employee.
3.7.2 Likewise in the case of termination by the Company for any reason whatsoever, the letter informing of such termination will be issued by the HR Division.3.7.3 The HR Division must ensure that clearance procedure is completed after the employee has finished his work on the last working day. In this respect, HR Division must obtain written clearance from the employeeŐs immediate superior or HOB that the employee has finished all the work that being assigned.3.7.4 The employee may, at the sole discretion of HOD or HOB complete the Employee Exit Form (Appendix 1) and return to HR Division on the last working day. The questionnaires are completed anonymously with the option for the employee to disclose his or her information. The information collected is confidential.3.7.5 HR Division must ensure the employee returns all the company belongings and acknowledge receipt on the completed Clearance Form (Appendix 2).3.7.6 The employeeŐs final salary will only be released to the employee after Clearance Form has been duly completed and accepted by HR Division.3.7.7 In the event that any part of the process as specified above is delayed by any party and the salary is released to the employee, the defaulting party shall be liable for any over-payment made to the employee.4 FLOWCHART4.1 As per attached.5 APPENDIX5.1 Appendix 1 : Employee Exit Form5.2 Appendix 2 : Clearance Form
Employee SeparationSub ProcessesNote :	Summary of Forms Requireda) Clearance Formb) Employee Exit Form
Employee Separation
Appendix A1. iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd2. Oh Media Sdn Bhd3. Ittify Sdn Bhd4. Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd5. Nara Media Sdn Bhd6. Moretify Sdn Bhd