
Revision LogRevision NoAmended ByAmended DateVersion No
Definition TableAbbreviationDescription of TermsiMediaiMedia Asia Sdn BhdiMedia Group / GroupiMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates, collectively as per Appendix AHOBHead of Business of iMedia Group, where relevantHODHead of Division, where relevantHR DivisionHuman Resource DivisionHR ManagerManager of the Human Resource DivisionGroup CEOGroup Chief Executive Officer
Table of Content1.0 OBJECTIVE	52.0 POLICIES	53.0 PROCEDURES	5-104.0 PROCESS FLOW CHART	5-135.0 APPENDICES	5
1 OBJECTIVE1.1 To help and encourage all employees to achieve and maintain acceptable standards of conduct and to ensure that all failures to comply with these standards are handled fairly, consistently and with due consideration given to all the circumstances.2 POLICIES2.1 The immediate superior shall counsel and help errant employees to improve themselves and take necessary disciplinary action when corrective measures fail.2.2 In the case of misconduct or offence, the HOB should consult and discuss with HR Division to determine the appropriate type of disciplinary action to be taken.2.3 HR Division to ensure consistency in carrying out any disciplinary action to employees.2.4 All show cause letters and written warnings will only be issued by HR Division.2.5 According to labour law that before any disciplinary action taken against the act of misconduct of an employee, due inquiry must be instituted under Section 14(1) of the Employment Act 1955.
3 PROCEDURES3.1 ROLE OF HOB AND THE DOWNLINE SUPERVISORS3.1.1 Being the main person to administer and enforce discipline down the line, disciplinary problems of the subordinate employees fall squarely on the shoulders of the HOB with the assistance of his downline supervisors and the technical advice of the HR Division. The superior shall endeavour to counsel his downliners and such counseling sessions shall be recorded. The superior shall only resort to disciplinary action when such measures fail.3.2 REPORTS AND INVESTIGATION OF MISCONDUCT3.2.1 When a misconduct occurs, the HOB shall report it to the HR Division and discuss on the action to be taken.3.2.2 In this respect, anyone may report an employeeŐs misconduct to HOB or HR Division.3.2.3 Relevant supporting document(s) or evidence(s) should be presented to HOB or HR Division upon making a report of the employeeŐs misconduct.3.2.4 HR Division will conduct a preliminary investigation to find out whether there is a prima facie case and to discuss with HOB on the next course of action.3.3 MINOR MISCONDUCT3.3.1 In the event where an employee is found committed a minor misconduct, HOB or HR Division will counsel the employee and the counseling session should be recorded.
3.3.2 In cases where there is a recurrence of a minor misconduct, a show cause letter will be issued to the employee.3.3.3 HOB or HR Division may impose any one or a combination of the following disciplinary measures against the employee in the event of misconduct:(i) verbal warning(ii) first written warning(iii) second written warning(iv) final written warning3.3.4 After the final written warning, the following disciplinary action will be taken against the employee:(i) suspension without pay for a period not exceeding one (1) week(ii) dismissal with contractual notice(iii) instant dismissal(iv) deferment of increment for a period to be determined by the Company(v) withholding or reduction of bonus, if such bonus is declared(vi) demotion3.4 MAJOR MISCONDUCT3.4.1 In the event where there is a major misconduct, a show cause letter shall be issued to the employee. In cases of serious and grievous misconduct, the employee may be dismissed summarily after taking into account legal opinion and the evidence/facts.3.4.2 After receiving show cause letter, employee is required to reply to the show cause letter within 14 days.3.4.3 Employee may be suspended pending Domestic Inquiry for up to 14 days on half day.3.4.4 Upon receiving the reply from the employee, HOB and HR Division will discuss the case and agree on the next course of action.
3.4.5 If the explanation is found acceptable, the case will be consider closed.3.4.6 If the explanation is found unacceptable, HR Division will determine on the seriousness of the misconduct and decide on the action to be taken.3.4.7 In the case of major misconduct, a Domestic Inquiry will be carried out, allowing the accused employee ample opportunity to defend himself / herself against the allegations or charges leveled against him so that a fair and impartial decision can be arrive at.3.4.8 Panel of Inquiry will make a finding and recommends punishment or actions to be taken against the employee.3.4.9 Head of HR Division will decide on the appropriate punishment and actions to be taken. In the case where accused is the HOB, Head of HR Division should consult Group CEO who shall decide on the appropriate punishment.3.5 APPEAL PROCEDURE3.5.1 An employee who is aggrieved by the decision in a disciplinary action has the right to appeal to have the decision reviewed within 30 days from the date of the posting or handing of the written disciplinary decision.3.5.2 The acceptance of the appeal is subject to the HOB and HR DivisionŐs final decision.3.6 DOMESTIC INQUIRY3.6.1 The following guidelines to be adopted in respect of a Domestic Inquiry to reflect the principles of natural justice:(i) The inquiry is to be instituted as soon as possible.(ii) The notice of inquiry stating the time, date and place of the inquiry should be given sufficiently in advance to all parties concerned.
(iii) The charge or allegation must be in clear and easily understood language.(iv) The accused employee must not only know of the charge or allegation levelled against him but must be given reasonable time before the inquiry to enable him to prepare his case.(v) Where the employee is a Union member, he should be given the opportunity to be represented by his Union official if he desires to do so. In all other cases no representation shall be allowed.(vi) The persons who inquire into the charge or charges against the accused must be independent persons acting impartially and without bias.(vii) In the proceeding of a domestic inquiry, the persons in the Board of Inquiry are usually:a) The Prosecuting Officer;b) The Accused; orc) Union Representative if accused who is a member of the Union wants to be represented;d) Witness or witnesses of the Company and the Accused, if any.3.6.2 The Panel of Inquiry usually consists of three members, one of them whom would be appointed as the Chairman. In the appointment of Board, the factors taken into consideration are:(i) The members shall have no prior involvement or personal interest in the case;(ii) They should be free from any kind of bias and must be able to bring an impartial and objective mind to the charges in question;(iii) They preferably are from different departments in the Company and must not be from the department of the accused employee;(iv) Reflect a fair racial composition; and(v) Must be of the same or higher rank than the accused.
3.7 GRIEVANCE PROCEDURES3.7.1 Under normal circumstances, the procedures shall be as follows:(i) As soon as practicable from the time of a grievance arising, the employee concerned shall approach his or her immediate superior.(ii) If the matter is not settled, within five (5) working days the employee may refer the matter to the HOB.(iii) If the matter is still not settled within a further five (5) working days, the employee may refer the matter to HRA Division for mediation.(iv) If the matter remains unsettled, the grievance will be referred to the Head of Business within ten (10) working days who may then constitute an Inquiry Panel comprising three other HOB An investigation will then be made and witnesses may be called to give evidence.(v) The recommendation of the Inquiry Panel will be made to the Head of Business, whose decision shall be final.4 FLOWCHART4.1 As per attached.
DisciplineSub-Processes
Further Sub-Processes Minor Misconduct:Major Misconduct:
Discipline	
Appendix A1. iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd2. Oh Media Sdn Bhd3. Ittify Sdn Bhd4. Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd5. Nara Media Sdn Bhd6. Moretify Sdn Bhd