
Revision LogRevision NoAmended ByAmended DateVersion No2.0Jacky Tee (GCFO)6 March 2025Version 2.03.0Jacky Tee (GCFO)4 April 2025Version 3.04.0Jacky Tee (GCFO)6 August 2025Version 4.0
Definition TableAbbreviationDescription of TermsiMediaiMedia Asia Sdn BhdiMedia Group / GroupiMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates, collectively as per Appendix AHOBHead of Business of iMedia Group, where relevantHODHead of Division, where relevantHR DivisionHuman Resource Division
Table of Content1.0 OBJECTIVE	52.0 POLICIES	53.0 PROCEDURES	5-74.0 PROCESS FLOW CHART	8-95.0 APPENDICES	7
1. OBJECTIVE1.1. To ensure that all claims are legitimate and in compliance with the CompanyŐs Human Resource Policy Manual.2. POLICIES2.1. All claims must be submitted with relevant form(s) attached with original e- Invoice(s) issued under Company's name, ensuring that all details are accurate and complete (If it is not possible to issue e-invoice(s) under Company's name, e-invoices should be obtained under employee's personal name and details) / receipt(s) as supporting documents.2.2. All claims must be approved by immediate superior, HOD or anyone to be authorised by HOB (ŇApproverÓ) and verified by HR Division.2.3. All receipts must be nicely pasted on waste paper as per guideline set by HR Division.2.4. All claims must be submitted with adequate supporting documents, including but not limited to, relevant e-Invoice(s), receipt(s), or other proof of purchase(s). In the event that the non-compliance claims signed by Approver and submitted to HR Division, HR Division will have the right to reject it.3. PROCEDURES3.1. SUBMIT CLAIMS3.1.1. All claims must be submitted by using Monthly Expenses Claim Form (Appendix 1) and other relevant forms as follows:a) Business Entertainment Analyst Form (Appendix 2)
Stating the details of each and every entertainment expenses spent for, such as name of customer entertained, purpose of the entertainment, venue, total expenses, etc.b) Staff Welfare Analyst Form (Appendix 2)Stating the details of each and every staff welfare expenses spent for, such as the purpose of the expenses, venue, total expenses, etc.c) Travel Claim Analyst Form (Appendix 3)Stating the details of each and every travel and/transportation expenses spent for, such as the purpose of travelling, destination, total expenses, etc.3.1.2. All claims must be submitted with adequate supporting documents, including but not limited to, relevant e-Invoice(s), receipt(s), or other proof of purchase(s).3.1.3. All receipts must be nicely pasted on waste paper as per guideline set by HR Division.3.2. APPROVAL3.2.1. Approver to ensure that all claims are in compliance with the CompanyŐs Human Resource Manual with relevant forms and original receipts attached.3.2.2. Non-compliance claims submitted must be rejected by Approver immediately.3.3. VERIFICATION BY HR DIVISION3.3.1. All approved claims must be submitted to HR Division for verification.
3.3.2. All approved claims must be submitted to HR Division for processing by 10th of each month (Ňcut-off-dateÓ). If the cut-off date falls on weekend or public holidays, the approved claims must be submitted to HR Division by the last working day before the cut-off date.3.3.3. In the event that the non-compliance claim signed by the HOB is submitted to HR Division, HR Division will have the right to reject it.3.4. PAYMENT PROCESSING3.4.1. Any claim submitted before / on cut-off date will be paid in the current month payroll cycle.3.4.2. Any claim submitted to HR Division after the cut-off date will only be processed in the next payroll cycle.3.4.3. Payment may be made by cheque before the payroll cycle upon specific request made by employee, subject to HOBŐs approval.4. FLOWCHART4.1. As per attached.5. APPENDIX5.1. Appendix 1 : Monthly Expenses Claim Form5.2. Appendix 2 : Entertainment Analyst Form + Staff Welfare Analyst Form5.3. Appendix 3 : Travel Claim Analyst Form
ClaimsSub ProcessesNote :	Summary of Forms Requireda) Monthly Expenses Claim Formb) Business Entertainment Analyst + Staff Welfare Analyst Formc) Travel Claim Analyst Form*Subject to change, if the date falls on weekend or public holidays, it will be the last working day before it.** In the event that the non-compliance claims signed by HOB and submitted to HR Division, HR Division will have the right to reject it.
Claims
Appendix A1. iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd2. Oh Media Sdn Bhd3. Ittify Sdn Bhd4. Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd5. Nara Media Sdn Bhd6. Moretify Sdn Bhd7. TR Media Bytes Sdn Bhd