
Revision LogRevision NoAmended ByAmended DateVersion No1.0Jacky Tee (GCFO)1 February 2021Version 2.0
Definition TableAbbreviationDescription of TermsiMediaiMedia Asia Sdn BhdiMedia Group / GroupiMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates, collectively as per Appendix AHOBHead of Business of iMedia Group, where relevantHODHead of Division, where relevantHR DivisionHuman Resource DivisionGCEOGroup Chief Executive Officer of iMedia GroupGCFOGroup Chief Financial Officer of iMedia Group
Table of ContentsINTRODUCTION1General1.1 - 1.4Interpretation1.5Effective Date1.6OBJECTIVES2GUIDELINES3FLOWCHART4APPENDIX5
1. INTRODUCTION GENERAL1.1. This Manual sets out the Leave Application policies, terms and conditions governing the employees of iMedia Group.1.2. The policies, terms and conditions in this Manual shall apply to all full-time employees of iMedia Group unless otherwise stated.1.3. The Company reserves the right to amend, delete or augment any policy, term or condition or part thereof as and when deemed necessary for any individual employee or group of employees. All changes to the policies, terms and conditions shall be approved by the management of the Company.1.4. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring the update of this Manual and for communicating in writing any policy or procedural changes to the employees of the Company.INTERPRETATION1.5. In the event of any dispute regarding the interpretation of any provisions in this Manual, the decision of the GCEO of the Company shall be final. If the dispute is between the GCEO and the Company, the ChairmanŐs decision shall be final.
EFFECTIVE DATE1.6. The terms and conditions in this Manual shall come into force with effect from 1 November 2020 unless otherwise stated.2. OBJECTIVES2.1. To implement a proper leave application procedure.2.2. To ensure all leave records are properly maintained and monitored.3. GUIDELINES3.1. To ensure that proper procedure is followed when making various types of leave application.3.2. All employees should refer to the policy and types of leave as stated in Human Resource Manual.3.3. LEAVE APPLICATION3.3.1. All employees are required to apply leave via online application provided by the Company, attaching all relevant supporting documents (if any).3.3.2. Application for planned Annual Leave must be made and approved by immediate superior / HOD at least seven (7) working days in advance.
3.3.3. For the case of Medical Leave, Emergency Leave or Compassionate Leave, employee must inform his/her immediate superior of the leave taken and the immediate superior should immediately inform HR Division. Upon returning to work, the employee is required to submit the leave via online application.3.4. LEAVE RECORDS3.4.1. HR Division is responsible in monitoring employeesŐ leave records.4. FLOWCHART4.1. As per attached.
Leave ApplicationSub Processes
Leave Application
Appendix A1. iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd2. Oh Media Sdn Bhd3. Ittify Sdn Bhd4. Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)5. Nara Media Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)6. Moretify Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)
