
Revision LogRevision NoAmended ByAmended DateVersion No1.0Jacky Tee (GCFO)1 February 2021Version 2.0
Definition TableAbbreviationDescription of TermsiMediaiMedia Asia Sdn BhdiMedia Group / GroupiMedia and its subsidiaries and/or associates, collectively as per Appendix AHOBHead of Business of iMedia Group, where relevantHODHead of Division, where relevantHR DivisionHuman Resource DivisionGCEOGroup Chief Executive Officer of iMedia GroupGCFOGroup Chief Financial Officer of iMedia Group
Table of ContentsINTRODUCTION1General1.1 - 1.4Interpretation1.5Effective Date1.6OBJECTIVES2GUIDELINES3FLOWCHART4APPENDIX5
1. INTRODUCTION GENERAL1.1. This Manual sets out the Probation & Confirmation policies, terms and conditions governing the employees of iMedia Group.1.2. The policies, terms and conditions in this Manual shall apply to all full-time employees of iMedia Group unless otherwise stated.1.3. The Company reserves the right to amend, delete or augment any policy, term or condition or part thereof as and when deemed necessary for any individual employee or group of employees. All changes to the policies, terms and conditions shall be approved by the management of the Company.1.4. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring the update of this Manual and for communicating in writing any policy or procedural changes to the employees of the Company.INTERPRETATION1.5. In the event of any dispute regarding the interpretation of any provisions in this Manual, the decision of the GCEO of the Company shall be final. If the dispute is between the GCEO and the Company, the ChairmanŐs decision shall be final.
EFFECTIVE DATE1.6. The terms and conditions in this Manual shall come into force with effect from 1 November 2020 unless otherwise stated.2. OBJECTIVES2.1. To establish proper procedures in respect of employee under probationary and their confirmation.3. GUIDELINES3.1. Probationer shall be notified in writing whether he/she is being confirmed or the probation is being extended within 7 days before the confirmation due.3.2. HOB / HOD / Immediate Superior shall ensure that probationers are guided and trained throughout the probationary period.3.3. INFORM HEAD OF DIVISION / IMMEDIATE SUPERIOR3.3.1. HR Division to remind HOD / Immediate Superior probationer due for confirmation 1 month in advance.3.3.2. Relevant details such as joining date, confirmation date, last extended probationary period (if applicable), etc. will be provided to HOD / Immediate Superior for their further consideration.
3.4. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION3.4.1. HOD/Immediate Superior to evaluate probationerŐs performance throughout the probationary period on monthly basis by completing Probation Evaluation Form (Appendix 1), to ensure that probationers are being informed:a) with their performanceb) with their strengths & weaknesses, andc) the area(s) to improve3.4.2. HOD / Immediate Superior to complete Probation Evaluation Form, stating to the next probation evaluation date, to extend the probationary period or to confirm the probationer.3.4.3. Duly approved Probation Evaluation Form must be submitted to HR Division no later than 2 weeks before confirmation due.a) To extend the probationary periodHOD / Immediate Superior must state the reason(s) of extension, duration of extension, area(s) to be evaluated upon next confirmation due, etc.b) To confirm the probationerHOD / Immediate Superior must state the reason(s) of confirmation, salary adjustment, re-designation or additional allowance, etc. (where applicable) for HR Division to process accordingly.
3.5. LETTER3.5.1. HR Division to prepare the letter according to Confirmation Evaluation Form and issue the letter to the probationer for acceptance within 7 days before confirmation due.3.6. NOTICE PERIOD OF RESIGNATION DURING PROBATIONERY PERIOD3.6.1. Managers Đ Notice period of Resignation Đ fourteen (14) days3.6.2. Executives Đ Notice period of Resignation Đ seven (7) days3.7. NOTICE PERIOD OF RESIGNATION AFTER CONFIRMATION3.7.1. Managers Đ Notice period of Resignation Đ discretionary by HOB3.7.2. Executives Đ Notice period of Resignation Đ one (1) month4. FLOWCHART4.1. As per attached.5. APPENDIX5.1. Appendix 1 : Confirmation Evaluation Form
Probation & ConfirmationSub ProcessesNote :	Summary of Forms Requireda) Probation Evaluation Form
Probation & Confirmation
Appendix A1. iMedia Asia Sdn Bhd2. Oh Media Sdn Bhd3. Ittify Sdn Bhd4. Goody Technologies Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)5. Nara Media Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)6. Moretify Sdn Bhd (effective 1 February 2021)
